# WestpacExercise
Westpac Automation Testing assessment

Project Setup notes
===================

This is a Maven project using Java, Selenium (via Selenide) and Cucumber.

I have chosen to use Selenide for this piece due the syntactical sugar it add, the fact that it meant
I did not have to worry about page and object syncronisation, and the fact that Selenide tests tend to
run quicker than pure Selenium. Pure Selenium would have been fine also.

The dependencies for this project are indicated in the POM file. You will need to have Maven installed, and
can either synch the dependencies cia your IDE or by opneing the project folder and typing "mvn clean install".

This project was developed in IntelliJ IDEA. It has not been tested in Eclipse.

I would advise running this in Chrome, as it hasn't been tested for other browsers. Please use a recent
version of the Chrome driver if you are running in Chrome, as some recent versions throw an exception when
attempting a switchTo() to an inner frame. The latest version of chromedriver.exe works fine.

This project expects web drivers to be in C:\projects\webdrivers as configured. The target location can be
configured in src/main/resources/system.config.properties if you want to point somewhere else.

I have used the Model - View - Controller paradigm for this project, but didn't find much use for
maintaining a model in this short exercise, so didn't use any modelling. Excluding generic classes
I've included in the project from other projects I've created (all the code in them is my own), the
key files are:

    KiwiSaverRetirementCalculatorController
    MenuController
    NavigationController

    BannerSubMenuView
    KiwiSaverInfoView
    KiwiSaverRetirementCalculatorView

    Stepdefs:
        FieldLevelHelp
        KiwiSaverCalculatorCalculations

    Feature Files:
        FieldLevelHelp.feature
        RetirementCalculations.feature

Test Notes
==========

I have not validated the final Projected Balance values, as I thought they might change over time, and I don't
know the formula used. Normally, I'd implement the formula as indicated in the requirements, then check to
see if it matches the result generated by the dev.

I have written some generic routines to prove the "Scenario Outline" approach taken here works, where step-defs are
flexible and able to cope with data-driven scenarios, rather than having to have one set of code per test.

Here, the navigation methods are generic, and in a real-world environment would be built up over time as more of the
application falls under test. Likewise for the routines to handle field-level help and Calculator calculations - they
are written to be as generic as possible and to be as flexible as possible.

You should be able to run these test using the pre-degined runner classes in test/java (either in an SDK or at
the commend line), or use the run configurations included in the git in IntelliJ IDEA.
